docs: improve docs of elements using DataItem interface (#960)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/combo-box.md

`ef-combo-box` displays a text input and an associated pop-up element that helps users set a value.

## Usage

> The `data` property of the `ef-combo-box` use the [ComboBoxData](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/blob/v7/packages/elements/src/combo-box/helpers/types.ts) type for its data items. Each of this item defaults to type `ItemData`. It could also be anything extended from [DataItem](./custom-components/utils/data-management#data-item).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `data` property of the `ef-combo-box` uses the [ComboBoxData](https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/blob/v6/packages/elements/src/combo-box/helpers/types.ts) type for its data items. Each of this item defaults to type `ItemData`. It could also be anything extended from [DataItem](./custom-components/utils/data-management#data-item).
```
